hello I hope you guys are all doing
great this is the nail art design we're
going to be working on today we're going
to be working on a really colorful
animal print nail art design you're
going to need about five of your
favorite nail polish colors and if you
have short nails this design is going to
work just as great you can see there
that this is about half of the length of
my nail the size of a short nail and I
was able to fit all the colors the zebra
stripes and the leopard print so go
ahead and grab your favorite colors and
let's get started the first thing I've
done is I've used a white nail polish
and I've just applied one coat of the
white nail polish the reason I've done
this is I want all my nails to have the
same background color and I won't have
to be going over my colors more than
once the first coat I apply with each
color will be vibrant enough because of
the white nail polish the first color
I'm going to be applying is a yellow I'm
going to be using this one by best sense
and it's number zero three I'm going to
start in the very corner and all I'm
going to do is apply the yellow sideways
that's how we're going to be applying
all the colors sideways and you can see
there that the colors go on really
vibrant because of the white background
the next color I'm going to be applying
is this green one by Santi and it's
called Viking green and I'm only going
to be applying it the same exact way we
apply to the yellow going sideways so
I'm going to start low and I'm just
going to do a stripe
the next color I'm going to be using is
this one by Santi and it's called flower
pink it's a really nice vibrant pink I'm
applying it the same exact way low and
going sideways remember it's okay if
they're not perfect and there we have
the pink the next color I'm going to be
applying is this purple one by best
scent and it's number 36 I'm applying it
the same exact way sideways and you can
see there that it's not perfect and it's
not even the application is not even and
that's okay that'll add to the effect at
the end the last color I'm going to be
applying is this one by Revlon it's a
blue and it's called typhoon
you
the next thing I'm going to be doing is
I'm going to be using these three colors
my purple pink and blue and I'm just
going to be striping certain areas over
my yellow green and pink but we're not
gonna do too much just one here and
there I'm going to start with the flower
pink by Santee and I'm just doing a
stripe like that just staining the nail
that's all I'm going to move over to my
green area and over my green area I'm
going to be applying some of the blue by
Revlon typhoon
now I'm using my purple and I'm just
gonna do that area over down there now
over my blue and purple area I'm going
to be using the yellow and the green and
all I'm going to be doing with these is
spots certain spots so that we could do
our leopard spots over the bottom area
I'm starting off with my yellow and I'm
just doing random spots you can do as
many or as little as you want I've only
placed four now in between those I'm
going to be making little spots of the
green nail polish the last step for
doing our background is optional you can
already do your zebra and your leopard
spots with this background but one thing
I'm going to add in this step is
optional I'm going to be using a glitter
polish and I'm going to be using this
one by wet and wild and it's called
confetti it's just a white glitter
polish what's your background is
completely dry you're ready to go in and
start doing your zebra stripes I'm going
to be using a nail art polish in black
by clean color to do the stripes I'm
going to start knowing the reason I'm
doing this is because I know how far I
should go so put pressure on your brush
and let it go lightly and we're starting
sideways I'm going on the opposite side
and a little bit higher I'm putting
pressure on my brush I'm letting it go
sideways
you
now I'm using a black nail polish and
all I'm doing or going around certain of
the spots we made on the bottom and it
could be the green ones you're going
around it could be the yellow ones
it could even be in the blue area so
we're just doing those little shapes in
the bottom our leopard shapes now I'm
going to go in and I'm just going to do
certain areas in black I'm just going to
spot certain areas the last step is to
apply your top coat any topcoat of your
choice is going to work great this will
help your manicure stay nice and vibrant
what I do is I apply a topcoat every
other day this helps keep my nails
strong and my colors my nail art design
stays on for a week and when I remove it
it still looks nice and in good shape
but I have to remove it because of the
nail strengthener as I use they indicate
that I'm supposed to remove them once a
week all my coats so what I'm doing is
cleaning the sides and that's it that's
how you're gonna get this nail art
design it's a really fun colorful nail
art designed to do I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial and try it out be
safe and I'll see you next time bye